Japanese Durians
Say, if they really want to play, Well, it's important that they understand.
I'll cut you off with a bat
That's it, that's it, that's it
The ball that starts the snow
Check if it's a trap or a trick
That's it, that's it, that's it
Even if you cry, you'll get a good reward
The ball that starts the snow
Check if it's a trap or a trick
That's it, that's it, that's it
The waves of the Pacific Ocean
Are carried high into the mountains
That's it, that's it, that's it
The next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day
The next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the
First God, the God, the Second God, and the Third God.